# Robot Acting Scenario

We are living in a world that is very technologically advanced, and we see this technology being applied everywhere around us. Whether in a scientific manner, or simply in our day to day life, it has something we have adapted to and come to accept. With that being said, what would a robot look like in an artisitc & theatrical scene. With robots, I feel like there is an association that they can only be used to perform specific tasks. With those specific ideas, I wonder how the idea of a robot, designed to specifically act, would play out. 

One of the main things that makes acting so unique is the ability to portray emotions so vividly and clearly to an audience. Essentially, you are adopting a persona that may not be yours, and you are convincing an audience that it is who you truly are. Emotions and robots. To be completely honest, the two seem like contradictory topics. How does a piece of metal convey emotions? But that is where you are wrong; in the limited way in which you precieve robots. So, how would this robot look like? How would they properly be able to convery the emotions that are imperative to a theatrical performance. I believe the answer varies greatly depending on the situation. 

The best way to imagine such a situation, is to hypothesize what it would look like if we replaced the human with the robot. When I think of a play, my first and immediate thought is Macbeth by Shakespeare. In this specific instance, I think of the three witches. They are these dark and mythical supernatural creatues, that deliver prophecies, so overall they play an important role in the storyline. What would it look like if these characters were robots? Will the charactersitics that are unique to them vanish? Will it still be interpreted the same way by the audience? What would this robot actor even look like? (Based off my understading of the homework, I am discussing a robot actor in a theatre space, meaning away from the world of movie editing and post production)

Before we get into the intricacies of an audience reaction, we must imagine what this robot would even look like? How would we even build this hypothetical robot actor? In order to figure out how we must build the robot, it is imperative that we establish what technical features this robot may need. This may be a bit basic, but I feel the most important aspect of the robot, is that it must be able to move. It should have a sense of direction the same way a human would. What I mean by that is they should have an awareness of the space around them and should understand how to properly navigate them. Next, and I believe this to be just as important as movement, is emotion. I believe that this is the biggest obstacle in the robot's way. Humans have a way of communicating emotions that robots have no way of understanding. They may possibly be able to replicate it, but I do not believe feeling them is something they are capable of. In the case of Macbeth, the three witches have a rather frightening or mysterious role, and that is something I believe to be possible to replicate within a robot. They are somewhat stoic in the play, so I feel like that is something that would be easily translated. Otherwise, emotions are extremely difficult to copy. Humans themselves sometimes barely have a grasp on them, so how would that turn out if we tried to teach what we oruselves barely know? These are the two main things the come to mind when thinking of technical aspects.

In terms of the physical manifestation of the robot, I feel as though it is essential the robot is somewhat of an average height, that way it can merge smoothly with the rest of the cast of the play. Again, there should be mobility, not only in the way it moves around, but also in the way it moves its body. It would be ideal if it was more fluid in its movements, rather than it being stiff. For this particular instance, of Macbeth, I feel it is important to dress up the robot in a way that blends with the rest of the setting. Macbeth is set in earlier times, more specifically times when robots were non-existant. Now that is not necessarily important, as different plays can have different interpretation, but I feel if we want to stay relevant to the time, then it is something to consider. When it comes to the voice and the delivery of lines, then I feel using a computerized voice, in this instance, would not be a problem. To reiterate, the three witches represent mystery and are, in a way, the unknown. That is why I feel like using a computerized voice would not be something that would bee too far off, especially when it comes to the other character's percpetions of the witches. 

These are just a few thoughts and ideas that come to mind when thinking of an acting robot, more specifically one playing a role in Shakespeare's play. Theatre is not a field I am too familiar with, and I am not really aware of all the details that make or break a play. Regardless, I do hope that these ideas cover the main basis of what is being asked of us... Maybe one day we will see a day where humans and robots alike work together to give us some of the best theatrical pieces known in history. Only time wil tell... 
