# September 6 Assignment

## Reading Response

Robotics has always been something that I have been greatly interested in, but something that I also never had the oportunity to learn until now. Having said that, I want to begin by saying that a lot of the concepts surrounding it are new to me, which makes doing readings related to the topic all the more interesting. 

When reading "Autonomous Robots as Performing Agents", I will admit that I was a bit confused. The abstract and the introduction both clarify that the reading is going to talk about some new robotic invention, but as I went throught the paragraphs, the language used confused me a bit. For example, the way in which the robots are sometimes referred to or the way in which they are described had me questioning whether I comepltely misunderstood the entire assignment and whether the reading was actually talking about human performers. Despite my earlier confusion, I quickly realized that it was in fact Robots, or puppotics as they are reffered to, that was being discussed. With that being said, I was immediately hooked onto the idea of the puppotics and how it encompassed not just one topics, but three: AI, robotics, and puppetry. One part that specifically stood out was when they authors discussed the different kinds of dialogue between the agents, directors, and audience. I just found it extremely interesting how even when we are discussing robots and exploring a facet of life that does not fully involve humans, we still bring in the power dynamics that we are so used to in our day-to-day lives. How even if we are discussing robots, which are essentially mindless beings, power dynamics still play a role in the way they function. I was also really pleased with the way in which the authors went about writing their piece. In all honesty, I did not feel like I was just reading about the process, but rather that I was involved and was a prt of the journey. All the different subsections that were mentioned made it extremely organized and a pleasure to read. I also really enjoyed how they mentioned various different inspirations, such as the woggles, and then later morphed those ideas into something unique and something that they could call their own. 

Overall, this was a really fun and enjoyable read. I feel like all the different components it had made for a very powerful piece, one that I am glad was the introduction I had to the study of performing robots. 
